c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\RecognitionLibrary.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\MathNumericsStripped.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\RecognitionLibrary.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\RecognitionLibrary.pri
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\MathNumericsStripped.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\MathNumericsStripped.pri
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.exe
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.pdb
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\MathNumericsStripped.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\RecognitionLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\MathNumericsStripped.pdb
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\MathNumericsStripped.pri
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\RecognitionLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\bin\x86\Debug\RecognitionLibrary.pri
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.exe
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.pdb
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\SchoolOfMagic.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\Projects\SchoolOfMagic\SchoolOfMagic\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
